Documentation regarding the new URI feature (#104)
CybercentreCanada/assemblyline4_docs: docs/user_manual/submitting_url.md

Rather than dragging and dropping a file or selecting a file from your local drive, you input the URL that you want to scan by typing/pasting it into the "URL/SHA256 To Scan" text box and clicking "SCAN"!

### An important thing to note about URL submissions in Assemblyline

> Submitting a URL through the interface, or through the client, will generate a URI file that will be the start of your submission. It is also possible to generate this file beforehand and send it directly to Assemblyline like any other file type. The goal of the dynamic URI filetype is to be able to interact with outside resources. The current main use for it is handling of http/https links that we could get out of malicious file that would be important to fetch, for example to get a second stage payload. When submitting a URI file, you will need to have the right services selected. In the case of an http(s) file, we recommend using the URLDownloader module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submitting a URL through the interface, or through the client, will generate a URI file that will be the start of your submission. It is also possible to generate this file beforehand and send it directly to Assemblyline like any other file type. The goal of the dynamic URI file type is to be able to interact with outside resources. The current main use for it is handling of http/https links that we could get out of malicious file that would be important to fetch, for example to get a second stage payload. When submitting a URI file, you will need to have the right services selected. In the case of an http(s) file, we recommend using the URLDownloader module.
```

### URI file type

> The URI file type have the following minimal structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URI file type has the following minimal structure:
```

```yaml
# Assemblyline URI file
uri: <scheme>://<host>
```

> It is a yaml file that can contain more elements for use-case where the modules can leverage them. The most important parts are the "uri" key in the yaml file, which needs to be a valid uri with a scheme and a host, and the comment on top, to help with Identification. The scheme is going to be used to create the filetype, so if you are using `uri: http://site.com` it is going to be a file of type `uri/http` and if you are using `uri: ftp://site.com` then you will have a `uri/ftp`. This will make it possible to route to different services based on the scheme. In the case of `uri/ftp`, you will probably need more information, maybe more yaml keys like `passive: True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a yaml file that can contain more elements for use-cases where the modules can leverage them. The most important parts are the "uri" key in the yaml file, which needs to be a valid uri with a scheme and a host, and the comment on top, to help with Identification. The scheme is going to be used to create the file type, so if you are using `uri: http://site.com` it is going to be a file of type `uri/http` and if you are using `uri: ftp://site.com` then you will have a `uri/ftp`. This will make it possible to route to different services based on the scheme. In the case of `uri/ftp`, you will probably need more information, such as yaml keys like `passive: True`.
```

The following is a more complete and complex example of a URI file:
```yaml
# Assemblyline URI file
uri: https://mb-api.abuse.ch/api/v1/
data: query=get_info&hash=52307f9ce784496218f2165be83c2486ad809da98026166b871dc279d40a4d1f
headers:
  Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
method: POST
```

> The filetype would be uri/https and the other yaml key that will be ignored during the identification. The extra keys in the yaml file can be used by the module handling this specific file to provide a more customized behavior, closer to what the user is asking. A specific user-agent, referer or other headers could be used to fetch a second stage for a server that would required specific values. Through those extra values, URLDownloader, now supports more methods like POST. A simple change from `query=get_info` to `query=get_file` in the data and the module should be downloading that file from MalwareBazaar!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file type would be `uri/https` and the other yaml keys will be ignored during the identification. The extra keys in the yaml file can be used by the service handling this specific file to provide a more customized behavior, closer to what the user is asking. A specific user-agent, referer or other headers could be used to fetch a second stage for a server that would required specific values. Through those extra values, URLDownloader, now supports more methods like POST. A simple change from `query=get_info` to `query=get_file` in the data and the service should be downloading that file from MalwareBazaar!
```
